rpc: Version the RPC APIs (#1412)
cometbft/cometbft: UPGRADING.md

* Removed the `replay` and `replay-console` subcommands
  ([\#1170](https://github.com/cometbft/cometbft/pull/1170))

### RPC API

> * The RPC API version is now reflected on the endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The RPC API is now versioned.
```

  Although invoking methods without specifying the version is still supported for now,

>   support will be dropped in future releases and users are urged to use the new format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  support will be dropped in future releases and users are urged to use the versioned
  approach.
```
